music is my reason for living
[Music]
[Applause]
most of the films at pixar we've
embraced the classic
hollywood large orchestral scores
on this film there was something about
the story and the feeling of this place
that demanded something else
the jazz itself is almost like another
character in the film
[Music]
the music is just amazing and they have
baptists at the helm
a great jazz musician john bautis did a
phenomenal job writing all the jazz
music that you hear in the film
and the animators animated to his finger
movements
[Music]
this music requires a certain
physicality
it's like he's it's like he's singing
[Music]
i did it i got the gig
in contrast to the new york jazz we
wanted the music and the soul world to
feel very ethereal and
bringing on trent reznor and atticus
ross was so exciting
we're in this new world that no one's
ever seen before
[Music]
we had to think about what these other
worldly planes are gonna sound like
what kind of instruments and what role
music's gonna play and what those planes
are gonna feel like
don't worry you can't crush a soul here
that's what life on earth is for
between trent and atticus and john
bautista we got to explore a lot
in this film and really take people to
places that are
beyond out of this world literally life
is full of possibilities
you just need to know where to look the
ability to amplify
the way someone experiences something
emotionally is really
why we do this don't miss out on the
joys of life
music has the ability to become
transcendent because of the power and
the resilience of the human soul
get ready your life is about to start
you